Readme.md, before:

Dendrite
========


What is it?
-----------

A website where users write [interactive adventure stories](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addventure) with each other.


What is it made with?
---------------------

The back-end is written with Java and deployed on the Google App Engine and the
front-end is written in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Java in the form of JSP (Java
Server Pages). The unit tests use the JUnit framework.


What are the licensing terms?
-----------------------------

See `LICENCE.md`.


Where can I find documentation on how it works?
-----------------------------------------------

* For information about how to use the website, see [the help page on the 
  website](http://write-mattheard.appspot.com/help.jsp).
* For information about how the software works, there should be descriptive
  comments in the source code. As of January 2014, there have been no efforts to
  write documentation outside of the source code.
* For specific questions not answered elsewhere, contact me at matt at mattheard
  dot net.


Who made this?
--------------

The project was started and is currently run by Matt Heard. Matt is a software
developer in Wellington, New Zealand and has been working on this project in his
spare time. His website can be found at [mattheard.net](http://mattheard.net).


How do I submit a bug?
----------------------

If you are able, please submit an issue for your bug on the [GitHub issue
tracker](https://github.com/MattHeard/Dendrite/issues). If you are unable to
submit it there, contact me at matt at mattheard dot net.

Commit message:

Added a link to the test version.

Readme.md, after:

Dendrite
========


What is it?
-----------

A website where users write [interactive adventure stories](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addventure) with each other.


Where can it be found?
----------------------

The public site is not yet live, but I do some online testing at [http://1-dot-write-mattheard-dev.appspot.com/](http://1-dot-write-mattheard-dev.appspot.com/), so you can have a play with it there. Keep in mind that that site is a test version which is subject to be modified or destroyed in any conceivable way for the sake of development.


What is it made with?
---------------------

The back-end is written with Java and deployed on the Google App Engine and the
front-end is written in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Java in the form of JSP (Java
Server Pages). The unit tests use the JUnit framework.


What are the licensing terms?
-----------------------------

See `LICENCE.md`.


Where can I find documentation on how it works?
-----------------------------------------------

* For information about how to use the website, see [the help page on the 
  website](http://write-mattheard.appspot.com/help.jsp).
* For information about how the software works, there should be descriptive
  comments in the source code. As of January 2014, there have been no efforts to
  write documentation outside of the source code.
* For specific questions not answered elsewhere, contact me at matt at mattheard
  dot net.


Who made this?
--------------

The project was started and is currently run by Matt Heard. Matt is a software
developer in Wellington, New Zealand and has been working on this project in his
spare time. His website can be found at [mattheard.net](http://mattheard.net).


How do I submit a bug?
----------------------

If you are able, please submit an issue for your bug on the [GitHub issue
tracker](https://github.com/MattHeard/Dendrite/issues). If you are unable to
submit it there, contact me at matt at mattheard dot net.
